Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will create our repost articles for users.
Sprint has many utilities about repository or data management.
It is provided we are Cypriote data.
Shipping data is familiar of projects that aims to create a repository leaf.
The idea is to have an abstract layer where all the dependencies will point to and different implementations
with all kinds of data.
Repositories such as Esker and Nice get similar to what the B.C. did for scale databases.
Sibling data G.P.A. makes it easy to easily implement GPA based repositories.
These module deals with enhanced support for GPA based data access leaves.
It makes it easier to build Sprink powered applications that use data access technologies.
Sibling data provides sophisticated queries and UTIs, for example, pagination sorting custom queries,
customer queries, etc..
Sifting data works with Jawa Persistance API GPA is a bridge between Object Model Sojo, a program and
relational model.
So database program.
The database connection is provided by JDBC JDBC.
Establish a connection with the database and it can send Ezekial statements.
Now let's implement it on our project and see the details to do it.
First of all, let's create a new package under our main package.
Our package name will be the poster.
Under the repository package, we will create a user repository interface.
User repository will extend G.P.A. repository G.P.A. Repository is an abstract class implemented by
Ziprin G.P.A. repository with J-P Repository, Ciprian will handle basic KROT database operations automatically
like save update, find by the delete by idea, etc..
Also, G.P.A. repository automatically generates queries from the method names.
For example, if they want to find the user by name, we can directly write a method like fine by plus
field name or field name, deal by name.
So our method name, bill by name.
And this will automatically produce a query like select start from user.
Their name equals parameter name.
Or we can write advanced queries using query annotation.
We can write custom queries with HPN with query annotation.
So J-P repository is a cool solution for database operations.
DGB repository has to generate parameters.
First parameter is for the middle class and the second parameter is for the ideal class of the middle
class.
So our model class will be users and our idea class will be long.
Here we can ride example method queries like find by name or fine by name, not snarl, etc., or we
can create some queries with query, annotation, etc..
For example, let's create a method like find by username.
We can create method queries with fine by plus field name on JPA Repository.
Also, we should specify the parameter in these methods, of course.
Secondly, let's create a custom update query, we want to create a query to update the user at all.
According to username, we will expect a user name and roll we'll use as parameters on custom queries.
We should send them with parum annotation.
Then we can describe our HPL query with query annotation.
On the annotation, we will write an and update query each girl is so similar to ask it so we will use
the same syntax with České.
We can also specify the parameters with two dots.
There is an important thing here we should specify.
This query is m modifying executable query, so the result of this query will change the database table.
So to describe it, we will use modifying annotation.
Otherwise, if we have a select ClearOne, we don't need modifying annotation.
We will also need save user find user by ID methods, but the basic CRUD operations that are provided
by the JPA repository in default will be enough for us.
It will provide these all methods for us for the beginning.
OK, that's all about the user repository implementation.
Thank you.